Hello, and welcome to the first post on my series about having a sane job search. I find that so many articles out there will encourage you to treat job searching as your "full time job". While the advice means well, they just want you to take your job search seriously, I think it puts undue pressure on people. I don't think you have to spend your 9-5 job searching (I spent about 4 hours a day and got a job in 3 week), but employing a few strategies can help take a lot of the stress out of job searching. So yes, apply for unemployment immediately, spend time consistently searching for jobs, treat this as a priority, but don't sacrifice your mental health for it. It isn't worth it. In this post I am going to give you an overview of some of my strategies and over the next few posts I will go more into detail with some of them that warrant that.

The first thing I would suggest for you to do after being laid-off is probably the opposite of what you want to do. You should tell the world. I mean it. Share a post on your LinkedIn, Twitter, blog, or anywhere else that you are connected to others in your life. You wouldn't believe the amount of people that will reach out. When I did this I had 2 old classmates reach out about possible positions at their companies, many people offering condolences, old coworkers sharing endorsements, and of course about a dozen recruiters wanting to connect about positions they have. This is was the fuel for my first few days of my search. I didn't look into job postings myself for almost a week. I was just constantly on the phone with a recruiter, reviewing a job description that one sent me, or on a Zoom call with someone talking about their company. This was an energetic was to start my first week of searching.

The next thing is something that I had done ahead of time but if you haven't already done it then take time to do it now: determine what you want in your next position. Applying for every job under the sun might feel like it will get you a job fastest but the energy and the focus that you put into applying for a job that you really want will make all the difference. So actually write down your criteria and share those with your recruiters and network. I cannot stress the difference you will feel in your confidence, motivation, and thoughtfulness when you are applying or interviewing for a job that you actually want, not just one that you need.

You also need to have a system for tracking the jobs that you have applied for. I will share in a future post about how I did this but for now I will share about the most important things that your system should track for you. You should always know which companies you have applied to, along with the applicable job titles (this includes any a recruiter has submitted you to, along with the recruiter's name), a copy of the job description (you want to know how they describe the job and they may take the posting down), and the date of last contact you had with someone about the position along with the next time you should follow up. My system kept track of much more information than this, but I would say that this is the minimum. You can use literally any tool you want. I have seen many people use Trello, Notion, and Excel/Google Sheets. I personally used an app called Roam.

You should also determine what you want your job searching days to look like. Personally I kept all of my job searching to the afternoon hours of 12-4. This gave me a significant amount of time to find position, apply for them, interview, and talk with recruiters all while allowing me to sleep in and have a slow start to my day that included spending time with my wife and dog.

Remember that spending more time doesn't necessarily mean that you will get a job sooner. It just means that you will probably apply for more jobs. If you are prioritizing jobs that you really want you will skim a lot of job descriptions and only apply for a few, but you will really but effort into those applications because you *really* want them. I also never applied to a job immediately after finding it.

 Remember that spending more time doesn't necessarily mean that you will get a job sooner. It just means that you will probably apply for more jobs. If you are prioritizing jobs that you really want you will skim a lot of job descriptions and only apply for a few, but you will really but effort into those applications because you _really_ want them. I also never applied to a job immediately after finding it. I would spend a significant amount of time just looking at job descriptions and adding the ones that met the criteria I had set to a list. Since I was only looking for jobs that met my criteria the number of postings I added to my list didn't matter. The only thing that mattered was that the ones that did get added were ones I truly wanted. When I set up time to apply for jobs I would pick the most interesting job or two off of the list and really spend time writing a great cover letter and submitting what I considered to be a home run of an application. One really well done application is worth 10 mediocre applications.
 
I also suggest keeping your search to just a few job boards and define the searches you will use. I personally only used LinkedIn and jobspresso.co. I searched only for "front end developer" roles in the Minneapolis/St Paul area and "react" roles under remote. If you review your selected job boards every day then you only need to review the new posting in the last 24 hours for each of your searches. This keeps you from endlessly searching random job boards and keeps your time much more focused. The less time you spend finding jobs to apply for the more time you can spend writing cover letters and actually applying for jobs.

This is my overview of how I conducted my job search. It included a lot of grace for myself, a lot of focus, and a lot of time on the phone. And remember this is the first in a series of blog posts. Keep an eye out for the rest which will include how I selected and worked with my recruitment team, a detailed look at my job tracking system, and how I organized my days.

If you have suggestions of what I should cover in this series, or any questions, please don't hesitate to reach out on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Dexter_Stp) or on my [contact page](https://www.dexthe.dev/contact)