First of all Kris, congrats on making a working app that meets the requirements! Often when developing I'll make an effort to first make an app that _works_ and then focus on making it cleaner and more maintainble through a couple rounds of refactors. I'd love to share a couple of tips that could make this application a little more maintainable and accessible.

First let's make it accessible. It is important that all users can use the apps that you make and have similar experiences using it. There are a couple of simple steps that we can take to make the `GalleryItem` component accessible to those using screen readers and keyboards. To make the imagges accessible to screen reader users I would recommend using the `description` for the image as the `alt` attribute on your `img` tag. Screen readers will read that attribute to seeing impared users so they can know what the image is. As a next step images could have seperate alt text and descriptions in their objects on the server. To make the app more accessible to keyboard users we should ensure that all elements that have interactions through clicks are wrapped in a `button` element, an `a` element, or have the appropriate `aria` attributes (this is a more advanced concept, and should be avoided in almost every situation. You can learn more here: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA). In this situation you should use a button, since it is an interaction and not a navigation (for more info on when to use a `button` or `a` element see this page: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/a#onclick_events).

One of the primary efforts we make to make our application more maintainable is ensuring that we use the best possible names for our variables. The primary variable I would point to for renaming would be your `toggle` state. I would recommend renaming this to be something like `isImageShowing` as that it describes what the `true` state does, and shows that it is a `boolan` value with the prefix of `is` (Here is a good article to learn more about naming conventions: https://www.swyx.io/how-to-name-things/#probably-good-ideas-and-their-considerations). I would also recommend declaring state variables with `const` as that will prevent you from setting the variable to a different value. Also, React requires `key` properties on the components being rendered. So you would need to move the `key` property from `GalleryItem` to `GalleryList`. This helps ensure that React knows which component is which and avoids unnecessary rerenders (see the docs here: https://reactjs.org/docs/lists-and-keys.html#keys).

The biggest thing I want you to take from this though is that you should be proud of yourself for making an app that works and meets the requirements. Often in development this is the first and most important step. Good job Kris!