---
aliases: 
tags: 
date created: October 13th, 2021, Wednesday
date modified: December 31st, 2021, Friday
---

# 2021

## Review

Used this file to help with some prompts: [[en-US-YearCompass-booklet-US-letter-printables-2021-2022.pdf]]

### Highlights

- Montana Trip
- Finding out that Taylor is pregnant!!
- Baby Finan was born!
- Bought our first house
- Got my first raise in my time as a dev
- Have the longest tenure of any dev job I've had
- Interviewed at Thorn and am proud of how I did
- Spider-Man No Way Home
- State Fair
- Went to our first Vikings game in person
- Took Makenna to the pumpkins at the Zoo
- Watching the MN United game in the suite
- Had a fancy dinner at Murrays
- John hosted Thanksgiving and went to Christmas Eve
- Cabin trip in Wisconsin

### Greatest Accomplishments of the Year

1. Making a baby
2. Staying at a tech job for the longest that I ever have
3. Buying a house

### The Past Year in Three Words

1. Growing
2. Unexpected
3. Lonely

### Mindful Productivity Audit

#### What is the First Thing I Do in the Morning?

I feel like I usually check my phone, then go to the bathroom, brush my teeth, then go back on my phone. I would rather take this time to either read, or to perform some mindful practices, like planning my day, meditating, or answer prompts. I know that there is a lot I can improve in how I handle my morning. I wonder if I can get an alarm that would work with the setup we have in our room, so I don't have to have my phone on my bedside. I could charge it in the office instead. Travel alarms seem to be decent options, however most of them appear to be battery operated, and I'd rather have them be rechargeable. I feel like the adjustment time of the new year, and the new room setup, is the perfect time to reset some of these things and be more intentional

#### How Do I Manage My Calendar?

I keep a calendar in Google Calendar. I honestly don't use it that much and a lot of what I do doesn't end up in it. I think I want to experiment with putting weekly reviews in my calendar, and syncing my Todoist to my Calendar as well

#### How Much Time Do I Dedicate to Deep Work During a Typical Day?

I honestly spend very little time in deep work. I have been finding it difficult to get in a flow state, but when I do I am extremely productive. I would say I get about an hour of deep work in per day. I would like to be more at 3 hours, and if i can get there I think I will be in a very good position

#### How Many Breaks Do I Take During a Typical Day?

If I am saying breaks that I get up from my desk for more than the restroom I would say 5 or 6. If it is times that I get distracted and do things that aren't work it would be a lot higher. I want to get better at spending more time focused, and having my breaks be more intentional.

#### How Do I Cultivate My Curiosity?

I cultivate my curiosity by time spent on Twitter reading thoughts from interesting people, and time spent reading intriguing blog posts. I would like to do more courses on topics that interest me so I can grow in new areas, and that time can be super intentional.

#### Do I Have Time for Self-reflection During the Week?

I have started prioritizing journaling every evening and I have found this time to be very valuable. I would like to keep doing more of that. I would like to prioritize weekly reviews where I can get a slightly more zoomed out view of my time and reflect on that.

#### Is My Physical Workspace Setting Me up for Success?

I feel like I have been keeping my physical workspace way too messy. I have things in my office that I have been meaning to clean up for a month and finally just cleaned up some cans that have been on my desk for weeks. I would like to do better at keeping this space clean as part of my shutdown routine and my weekly review

#### Is My Digital Workspace Setting Me up for Success?

I feel like my workspace is filled with distractions. I have gotten Focus set up to block social media, which is good, but I find that I can always find something to distract myself with. I was to get better at not doing that anymore. And I should also use Focus when sitting down at my own computer to do stuff so I can ensure that I stay focused.

#### How Do I Know the Work Day is Over?

I walk out of my office and go see Taylor. I feel like I have really good separation between life and work. I would like to have more of a routine to finish off my work day though, so I can be more organized when I get back to it the next day

#### What is the Last Thing I Do in the Evening?

I finish the evening by letting Betty outside, making sure everything is locked up, brush my teeth, journal, then reading in bed. I have more things that I would like to add to my journaling routine, but other than that I feel like this is a pretty decent routine.
