---
aliases: 
tags: 
date created: December 29th, 2021, Wednesday
date modified: June 20th, 2022, Monday
---

# 2022

## Plan

Used this file to help with some prompts: [[en-US-YearCompass-booklet-US-letter-printables-2021-2022.pdf]]

### Dare to Dream Big

What does the year ahead of you look like? What will happen in an ideal case? Why will  
it be great?

This year I will become a dad. Feels wild to say, but it's true. I will also become a senior developer. That is a title that I have worked towards for years and I feel confident that I will achieve it this year.

### Magical Triplets for the Year Ahead

#### These Three Things I Will Love About Myself

1. My ability to prioritize the things that are most important to me any my family
2. My desire to improve a little bit each day
3. Being the best father and husband that I can be.

#### These Three Things I Will Have the Power to Say No To.

1. Anything that isn't in the best interest of my family
2. Trying to set too many goals and getting distracted by the constant need to improve just because others tell me I need to
3. Things that waste my time and don't help me be the person that I want to be.

#### These Three People Will Be My Pillars During Rough Times.

1. [[Taylor St Pierre|Taylor]]
2. [[Jack Carlson]]
3. [[Rosendo St Pierre]]

#### These Three Things I Will Do Every Morning.

1. Take time to review my plan for the day
2. Know where we are financially
3. Give Taylor a good morning kiss

### My Word for the Year Ahead

Consistency

I feel like I am good at starting things, and I always have good intentions. The issue that I have is follow through. If I can consistently pursue my goals and followthrough on what I decide to do I know that I will be able to accomplish anything.

### [[Goals]] ^ac7a6d

My primary goal this year is to be realistic with myself. I want to set myself up for success by focusing on creating and improving processes rather than trying to achieve outcomes. I want as many of my goals to be processes and changes to my every day life. If not doing one of my goals for any given period of time means that I have to do extra to be on track shows that it is an outcome driven goal. I won't be perfect, so I should be able to pick up the goal on the next day without having to do extra to feel that I've accomplished it.

- Career
	- Receive promotion to Senior Developer
		- This is the definition of an outcome driven goal, but in this one instance I believe that is appropriate
	- Write at least one blog post per month
		- I would like to see this increase, but for now I want to set a reasonable goal
- Health
	- Work out every day
		- MVP of workouts is 2 sets of pushups to failure + 1 set of situps.
		- 3 days/week of a hard workout at the gym 40+ minutes
	- Drink less energy drinks
		- I am 100% okay if that means I am drinking way more coffee. I think that energy drinks are something that is going to make my health worse over time and even replacing them with coffee/tea puts me in a better place
- Intellectual
	- Read at least 30 minutes per day
		- A # of books for the year, or even pages per day, sets up a goal that is more outcome driven than time, and also ignores the fact that different books can have vastly different words/page and some books deserve to be read more slowly than others. This version of a reading goal sets a process and allows me to give books the time that they deserve without instilling guilt
	- Spend one hour per week working through a course on a topic that interests me outside of work
		- I deserve to be able to learn about things that interest me, without thinking about how I can monetize the knowledge. This will also allow me to work through many different courses as I will spend roughly 52 hours working on them this year.
- Family
	- Have a baby
		- Probably the most exciting goal
	- Take Betty to play with other dogs every other week
		- I feel that we haven't prioritized Betty appropriately. She deserves to go socialize and get energy out. Having a dog friend over, or taking her to the dog park, will massively benefit her health
- Relationships
	- Date night every other week
	- Spend time with a friend every week
		- This can be hanging out in person or a video/voice call. Some times even exchanging a few texts might be what needs to happen here.
		- It's easy to feel like this isn't worth setting a goal for since I no longer have the built in time when driving, but it is so worth it to ensure that I take the time to do.
- Home
	- Get the baby room set up
	- Spend two hours per week working on improving our house
		- This might be doing yard work in the summer, doing flooring in the baby room, or setting up the A/C units. Just something that makes our house better, even if it is temporary or routine.
- Personal
	- Do reviews at the intended regular intervals (Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Yearly)
		- These are opportunities to reflect, plan, and reconsider the things going on in my life. I want to take these moments to create records of the things I am doing and working on. I want to understand what is going well and how I can be improving. I want to know if something isn't working well and for how long it hasn't been working. I want to take time quarterly to reflect on my goals and decide if I need to add new ones, adjust my current ones, or eliminate ones that I no longer want to prioritize or that no longer align with my values.

#### Brainstorm

I want to keep my goals to a minimum (define categories and keep 1-2 goals max to start, max of 4 by the end of the year) to ensure that I can actually track them and keep my focus. These goals should be more process focused rather than outcome focused, if possible. I want goals that impact my day to day rather than just being hard to achieve things. For now I am going to just brainstorm some goals, and I'll spend more time refining them when I go to a coffee shop tomorrow

- Career
	- Receive promotion to Senior Developer
	- Write at least one blog post per month
		- I would like to see this increase, but for now I want to set a reasonable goal
- Health
	- Work out every day
		- MVP of workouts is 2 sets of pushups to failure + 1 set of situps.
		- 3 days/week of a hard workout at the gym 40+ minutes
- Intellectual
	- Read at least 30 minutes per day
		- I like this better than a # of books or pages because it creates a definite amount of time that it will take in my day. It is a process rather than a result and it also respects the fact that books are different lengths and warrant different writing speeds.
	- Take the intro to Philosophy course I am interested in
- Family
	- Date night every other week
	- Have a baby
- Relationships
	- Call a friend every week
		- It's easy to feel like this isn't worth setting a goal for since I no longer have the built in time when driving, but it is so worth it to ensure that I take the time to do.
- Home
	- Get the baby room set up
	- Work on the yard to make it look presentable
- Personal
	- Do reviews at the intended regular intervals (Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Quarterly, Yearly)
	- Keep a daily log
